ECS CLI Recipe (#83)
PrefectHQ/prefect-recipes: devops/infrastructure-as-code/aws/cli-prefect2-ecs-agent/Readme.md

# Prefect Agent on ECS Fargate

## Purpose
This recipe will walk you through the process to create a Prefect Agent using the AWS CLI.

### Notes
- This guide provides an example for creating a role which allows S3 read access, it is likely that your agent will require [additional roles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html), creation of which is outside the scope of this guide.

## Prerequisites

> * [awscli]("https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html")

Reviewer: this link doesnt work?

Reviewer: i think remove comments

Author: Which one?

Reviewer: awscli - my comment is on that line

Reviewer: bc of the quotes

> * [awscli]("https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [awscli](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
```

* [prefect](https://docs.prefect.io/getting-started/installation/)

## Steps
1. Create a Service Account in Prefect Cloud

> 2. Copy the JSON below into a file called `prefect-agent-td.json`

Reviewer: link to the json file, since its not "below" in the readme

> 2. Copy the JSON below into a file called `prefect-agent-td.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the [JSON file](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-recipes/blob/main/devops/infrastructure-as-code/aws/cli-prefect2-ecs-agent/prefect-agent-td.json) into a file called `prefect-agent-td.json`
```

Reviewer: i think this link will work?

	1. Edit the file and fill in values for:
		1. `WORK_QUEUE_ID`
		2. `PREFECT_API_KEY`
		3. `PREFECT_API_URL`
3. Optional: Create a role with S3 read permissions to attach to the agent:

>    1. `aws iam create-role --role-name PrefectECSRole --assume-role-policy-document file://trust-policy.json`

Reviewer 2: The spacing on the secondary items don't match the spacing on the secondary items above. Also might be worth using a, b, c or 3.1) pattern

   2. `aws iam attach-role-policy --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonS3ReadOnlyAccess --role-name PrefectECSRole`
4. Use AWS CLI to [register your task definition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definitions.html)
    ```
    aws ecs register-task-definition --cli-input-json file://<full_path_to_task_definition_file>/prefect-agent-td.json
    ```

> 5. Create a service from your task definition, taking care to fill in any network-configuration:

Reviewer 2: Are there additional details we could provide for someone who is unfamiliar with creating a service from the task definition?
